docs/src/implicit_differentiation.md, before:

# Implicit differentiation of root solvers

## Implicit function theorem
Given an implicit variable $x$ defined through the root $F(x(\theta),\theta)=0$, one can apply the implicit function theorem (IFT) to obtain the gradients of $x$ wrt $\theta$

```math
\frac{d F}{d \theta} = \frac{\partial F}{\partial x} \frac{d x}{d \theta} + \frac{\partial F}{\partial \theta} = 0 \implies \frac{d x}{d \theta} = - \left(\frac{\partial F}{\partial x}\right)^{-1} \frac{\partial F}{\partial \theta}
```

To avoid the unrolling of iterations, computing the derivative at each iteration and hence populating the AD stack unnecessarily, `Clapeyron` currently implements the IFT using `ForwardDiff.jl` through the manual manipulation of Duals. Currently only first order AD is supported. Higher order derivatives through nested Duals or Duals with different tags will error. The current AD implementation is:
```@docs
Clapeyron.__gradients_for_root_finders
```

`Clapeyron` previously implemented a final Newton step to propagate first order derivatives, which is also limited to first order AD. Although this method does produce numeric values for nested Duals, these higher order derivatives are incorrect as it neglects the indirect effects from lower order gradients. For a more complete explanation see [this discussion](https://github.com/ClapeyronThermo/Clapeyron.jl/issues/502).

Commit message:

Higher order implicit ad for roots (#542)
* use IFTDuals for implicit AD of roots

* use implicit AD for association term

* add IFTDuals as dep

* bump IFTDuals to v0.1.2. Fixes AD for mixed tags and bugs with StaticArrays

* remove SVector construction from association AD

docs/src/implicit_differentiation.md, after:

# Implicit differentiation of root solvers

## Implicit function theorem
Given an implicit variable $x$ defined through the root $F(x(\theta),\theta)=0$, one can apply the implicit function theorem (IFT) to obtain the gradients of $x$ wrt $\theta$

```math
\frac{d F}{d \theta} = \frac{\partial F}{\partial x} \frac{d x}{d \theta} + \frac{\partial F}{\partial \theta} = 0 \implies \frac{d x}{d \theta} = - \left(\frac{\partial F}{\partial x}\right)^{-1} \frac{\partial F}{\partial \theta}
```

To avoid the unrolling of iterations, computing the derivative at each iteration and hence populating the AD stack unnecessarily, `Clapeyron` uses [`IFTDual.jl`](https://github.com/Garren-H/IFTDuals.jl), which implements the IFT for dual numbers and is hence only limited to `ForwardDiff.jl`. `IFTDuals.jl` can and is used to obtain abitrary order derivatives.

`Clapeyron` previously implemented a final Newton step to propagate first order derivatives, which is also limited to first order AD. Although this method does produce numeric values for nested Duals, these higher order derivatives are incorrect as it neglects the indirect effects from lower order gradients. For a more complete explanation see [this discussion](https://github.com/ClapeyronThermo/Clapeyron.jl/issues/502).
