docs/src/index.md, before:

```@meta
CurrentModule = Clapeyron
```

# Clapeyron.jl

An extensible [Julia](https://julialang.org) package for the modelling of fluids using thermodynamic equations of state.
These include the standard cubics (Van der Waals, Redlich–Kwong, Peng–Robinson, etc.), SAFT-type equations (PC‑SAFT, SAFT‑VR Mie, SAFT‑$\gamma$ Mie, etc.), empirical equations (GERG‑2008, IAPWS‑95), activity coefficient models (NRTL, UNIFAC, COSMO‑SAC, etc.) and many more.

The documentation is laid out as follows:

1. **Installation**
1. **Model construction**
   - Ideal gas models
   - Cubic equations of state
   - SAFT equations of state
   - Empirical equations of state
   - Activity coefficient models
   - Composite Models
   - Group Contribution Models
1. **Property Estimation**
   - Bulk Properties
   - Phase Equilibria
   - Flash Calculations
1. **Parameter Estimation**
1. **Extensions**
   - CoolProp
   - Symbolics
   - Measurements
1. **Package Development**
   - Developing new methods
   - Developing new models
   - Contributing to the package
1. **API**

## Authors

- [Pierre J. Walker](mailto:pjwalker@caltech.edu), California Institute of Technology
- [Hon-Wa (Paul) Yew](mailto:honwa.yew16@imperial.ac.uk), Imperial College London
- [Andrés Riedemann](mailto:andres.riedemann@gmail.com), University of Concepción

## License

Clapeyron.jl is licensed under the [MIT license](https://github.com/ClapeyronThermo/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

## Installation

Clapeyron.jl is a registered package, it can be installed from the general registry by:

```julia
pkg> add Clapeyron
```

## Citing `Clapeyron.jl`

If you are using Clapeyron for your research work, please cite the following:

```text
@article{Clapeyron-2022,
    title={Clapeyron.jl: An Extensible, Open-Source Fluid Thermodynamics Toolkit},
    author={Pierre J. Walker, Hon-Wa Yew, and Andrés Riedemann},
    journal={Ind. Eng. Chem. Res.},
    volume={61},
    number={20},
    pages={7130--7153},
    year={2022},
    publisher={American Chemical Society},
    doi={doi/10.1021/acs.iecr.2c00326},
    url={https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.iecr.2c00326}
}
```

## Citing a particular equation of state model

In addition to citing this work, it is encouraged to cite the references to the underlying models used.
For that, you can use [`Clapeyron.cite`](@ref) to obtain the references used in a particular model.

Commit message:

also mention the python wrapper in the index

docs/src/index.md, after:

```@meta
CurrentModule = Clapeyron
```

# Clapeyron.jl

An extensible [Julia](https://julialang.org) package for the modelling of fluids using thermodynamic equations of state.
These include the standard cubics (Van der Waals, Redlich–Kwong, Peng–Robinson, etc.), SAFT-type equations (PC‑SAFT, SAFT‑VR Mie, SAFT‑$\gamma$ Mie, etc.), empirical equations (GERG‑2008, IAPWS‑95), activity coefficient models (NRTL, UNIFAC, COSMO‑SAC, etc.) and many more.

The documentation is laid out as follows:

1. **Installation**
1. **Model construction**
   - Ideal gas models
   - Cubic equations of state
   - SAFT equations of state
   - Empirical equations of state
   - Activity coefficient models
   - Composite Models
   - Group Contribution Models
1. **Property Estimation**
   - Bulk Properties
   - Phase Equilibria
   - Flash Calculations
1. **Parameter Estimation**
1. **Extensions**
   - CoolProp
   - Symbolics
   - Measurements
1. **Package Development**
   - Developing new methods
   - Developing new models
   - Contributing to the package
1. **API**

## Authors

- [Pierre J. Walker](mailto:pjwalker@caltech.edu), California Institute of Technology
- [Hon-Wa (Paul) Yew](mailto:honwa.yew16@imperial.ac.uk), Imperial College London
- [Andrés Riedemann](mailto:andres.riedemann@gmail.com), University of Concepción

## License

Clapeyron.jl is licensed under the [MIT license](https://github.com/ClapeyronThermo/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

## Installation

Clapeyron.jl is a registered julia package, it can be installed from the general registry by:

```julia
pkg> add Clapeyron
```

Clapeyron.jl is also available in python via the [pyclapeyron](github.com/ClapeyronThermo/pyclapeyron) package.
You can install `pyclapeyron` from PyPI:

```sh
pip install pyclapeyron
```

## Citing `Clapeyron.jl`

If you are using Clapeyron for your research work, please cite the following:

```text
@article{Clapeyron-2022,
    title={Clapeyron.jl: An Extensible, Open-Source Fluid Thermodynamics Toolkit},
    author={Pierre J. Walker, Hon-Wa Yew, and Andrés Riedemann},
    journal={Ind. Eng. Chem. Res.},
    volume={61},
    number={20},
    pages={7130--7153},
    year={2022},
    publisher={American Chemical Society},
    doi={doi/10.1021/acs.iecr.2c00326},
    url={https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.iecr.2c00326}
}
```

## Citing a particular equation of state model

In addition to citing this work, it is encouraged to cite the references to the underlying models used.
For that, you can use [`Clapeyron.cite`](@ref) to obtain the references used in a particular model.
