docs/src/notebook_examples.md, before:

## Notebook Examples

This is a list of currently available example notebooks for `Clapeyron.jl`:

- [Ideal Equations of State](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/ideal_eos.ipynb): Examples of how one can use ideal equations of state within `Clapeyron.jl`, whether it be supplementing a residual equation of state or independently.

- [Cubic equations of state](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/cubic_eos.ipynb): Examples of how one can use cubic equations of state, along with customizing those with different α‑functions, Volume translation or mixing rules.

- [SAFT equations of state](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/SAFT_eos.ipynb): Examples of how one can use SAFT-type equations.

- [Activity models](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/activity_models.ipynb): Examples on how to use activity models, standalone or as a mixing rule in a cubic equation of state.

- [User defined equations of state](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/user_defined_eos.ipynb): Example of how to implement a new equation of state within `Clapeyron.jl`.
  In this case will be the SAFT‑VR Mie+AT model developed by *Walker et al.* which is simply a modification of the regular SAFT‑VR Mie equation of state.

- [Miscellaneous pure vapour–liquid equilibrium properties](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/pure_vle_properties.ipynb): Examples of pure component vapour–liquid equilibrium properties

- [Mixing functions](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/mixing_functions.ipynb): Examples of calculation of mixing and excess properties

- [Multi-component equilibrium and critical points](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/multi-component_vle_vlle_lle_crit.ipynb): Examples of the various equilibrium and critical properties.
  Focused on the uncommon, more-complex types of diagrams.

- [Differential Evolution Flash Algorithm in `Clapeyron.jl`](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/PTFlashDifferentialEvolution.ipynb): demonstration of a multi-component flash algorithm for use with `Clapeyron.jl`, which utilizes the excellent differential evolution black box optimization algorithms in `BlackBoxOptim.jl`.

- [Parameter Estimation Framework](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/parameter_estimation.ipynb): demonstration of how the parameter estimation framework works, using `BlackBoxOptim.jl` as optimizer.

Commit message:

Refactor DETPFlash to RDEx; fix GammaPhi objective scaling
Replace BlackBoxOptim-based global search with internal RDEx ask–tell optimizer.
Remove BlackBoxOptim dependency; use SpecialFunctions.expinti where needed.
Fix DETPFlash objective for Activity (GammaPhi) models by using mole fractions for ideal/excess terms and returning extensive Gibbs (scaled by phase total moles).
Optimize partition! hot path and reduce per-evaluation overhead (reuse cache eltype, avoid promote_typeof in objective).

	modified:   Project.toml
	modified:   docs/src/notebook_examples.md
	modified:   src/Clapeyron.jl
	modified:   src/methods/property_solvers/multicomponent/tp_flash/DifferentialEvolutiontp_flash.jl
	modified:   src/models/CompositeModel/FluidCorrelation.jl
	modified:   src/models/CompositeModel/GammaPhi.jl
	modified:   src/models/CompositeModel/LiquidVolumeModel/GrenkeElliott/GrenkeElliottWater.jl
	modified:   src/modules/solvers/Solvers.jl
	new file:   src/modules/solvers/metaheuristics/rdex_at.jl
	new file:   src/modules/solvers/metaheuristics/utils.jl

docs/src/notebook_examples.md, after:

## Notebook Examples

This is a list of currently available example notebooks for `Clapeyron.jl`:

- [Ideal Equations of State](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/ideal_eos.ipynb): Examples of how one can use ideal equations of state within `Clapeyron.jl`, whether it be supplementing a residual equation of state or independently.

- [Cubic equations of state](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/cubic_eos.ipynb): Examples of how one can use cubic equations of state, along with customizing those with different α‑functions, Volume translation or mixing rules.

- [SAFT equations of state](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/SAFT_eos.ipynb): Examples of how one can use SAFT-type equations.

- [Activity models](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/activity_models.ipynb): Examples on how to use activity models, standalone or as a mixing rule in a cubic equation of state.

- [User defined equations of state](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/user_defined_eos.ipynb): Example of how to implement a new equation of state within `Clapeyron.jl`.
  In this case will be the SAFT‑VR Mie+AT model developed by *Walker et al.* which is simply a modification of the regular SAFT‑VR Mie equation of state.

- [Miscellaneous pure vapour–liquid equilibrium properties](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/pure_vle_properties.ipynb): Examples of pure component vapour–liquid equilibrium properties

- [Mixing functions](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/mixing_functions.ipynb): Examples of calculation of mixing and excess properties

- [Multi-component equilibrium and critical points](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/multi-component_vle_vlle_lle_crit.ipynb): Examples of the various equilibrium and critical properties.
  Focused on the uncommon, more-complex types of diagrams.

- [Differential Evolution Flash Algorithm in `Clapeyron.jl`](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/PTFlashDifferentialEvolution.ipynb): demonstration of a multi-component flash algorithm for use with `Clapeyron.jl`, which solves the flash by global optimization of the Gibbs energy.

- [Parameter Estimation Framework](https://nbviewer.org/github/ypaul21/Clapeyron.jl/blob/master/examples/parameter_estimation.ipynb): demonstration of how the parameter estimation framework works, using `Metaheuristics.jl` as optimizer.
